# Can you explain what happens when I possess this minion?

## Forsaken (possessed)

You may possess a Forsaken minion, because possession does not form a group. Before the forsaken
moves it still rolls the forsaken die and adheres to the results. The medium is no longer considered
in play when possessing the forsaken, so if the forsaken is the only minion in play while possessed
the wave will end as part of the neglected talent, and the medium will continue to possess the
forsaken going into the next wave. Elfinkazi When you possess an Elfinkazi, the Roost talent from
the unit is on (if any) still applies. The roost talent does not specifically state that the unit
must be friendly. The Elfinkazi cannot attack their roost unless they move adjacent to it, because
the two share a hex and are therefore not adjacent to each other. When the Elfinkazi uses the
Glidebomb or Save talent, the medium is defeated. The elfinakzi is not defeated and the Heirs may
use the Elfinkazi again during their next wave as normal. The medium is no longer considered in play
when possessing the Elfinkazi, if the Elfinkazi is the only minion in play while possessed, the wave
will end as part of the Precious talent. The Elfinkazi will return to the Heirs barracks to be used
in a future wave and the medium will be sent to the forgotten graves

## Humminger (possessed) with an Elfinkazi

When you possess a Humminger that has an Elfinkazi perched on it, the Elfinkazi remains on the roost
as normal. The roost talent does not specify friendly units. The Elfinkazi continues to move with
the Humminger as it moves and the Heirs continue to control the Elfinkazi, since it is not
possessed. The Elfinkazi and huimminger are not adjacent, so neither unit may attack each other
while the Elfinkazi is roosted

## Taproot (possessed)

While possessed, a taproot cannot use the summon talent. While the Narora have full control of the
taproot, they lack the appropriate units to summon from their barracks

## Architect (possessed)

While possessed, an architect cannot use the builder talent to construct dispatch platforms. While
the Narora have full control of the architect, they lack the appropriate spires to construct.
Possessed architects may still add upgrades to adjacent spires or even flip adjacent dispatch
platforms into siege towers, if they chose.

When the architect is removed from the board using its talent, it returns to the brawnen’s barracks
to be deployed again later It is not defeated, so the medium does not prevent this. The medium is
then sent to the forgotten graves.

The last unit my opponents control If a minion is possessed and all remaining faction units are
friendly to each other, the Narora’s heroes will go into campfire mode at the start of their next
turn as normal. When the medium is defeated and the possessed player gains control of their minion
again, the Naroran heroes will not become active. Campfire mode persists for the entire wave once
triggered

# Can Anjabin use Source Aura on a turn he does not move?

Yes. ‘After movement’ only refers to the timing restriction of when Anjabin can use the talent.
Anjabin may use Source Aura after using any amount of movement, including 0, but if Anjabin elects
to use Source Aura, he cannot move any more that turn

# May I use the Riftwalk talent from a Gateport landmark to teleport to a Portal Spire in play?

No. Naroran Rift allows the unit to teleport to a chip with the Riftwalk talent, but the Riftwalk
talent does not allow the unit to teleport to a Naroran Rift

# If a spire's upgrade capacity includes their starting upgrades, why do Refractor and Monolant spires only have an upgrade capacity of 2?

A spires upgrade capacity only limits a players ability to add upgrades using a build option during
the build phase or during the onslaught phase as a limited build option. The upgrade capacity does
not limit the total number of chips a spire may have. Example: The Narora construct a Refractor
spire with attack Range. They do not have any other spires in play. Although the Eefractor has 3
upgrades with a capacity of 2, the excess upgrades are not removed. The Narora cannot add any more
upgrades to this spire until its upgrade capacity is greater than the number of upgrades it has,
through a combination of constructing more spires with the connected talent and/or the spire losing
upgrades during gameplay.

If for example, a second spire with connected was constructed and the spire lost one upgrade from
the opponent attacking it, then its upgrade capacity is 3 (2 from the chip and +1 from the connected
talent) and it has 2 upgrades from having a chip removed by the opponent. This spire can now have 1
upgrade added to it

# When Anvasse uses matter distortion, do you get to construct a spire for free on that earthscape like in the build phase?

No. The ability to construct a spire on a placed earthscape is tied to the place earthscape build
option. A player can use a limited build option to place a spire on the newly placed earthscape’s
Source well(s) at the start of their turn, so long as they have influence over the hex the Source
well is on

# How do Narora interact with Portal spires on their fortress Source wells?

Fortress Source well are adjacent to the fortress gate hex. Units may freely deploy directly into
this spire. Naroran heroes may teleport from another Naroran rift in the play area to this spire.
This is not considered returning to the fortress gate, the naroran heroes still need to spend
movement to move onto the fortress gate hex. Naroran minions cannot normally teleport to a spire on
a fortress Source well because they are required to make progress while moving if they are able to

# Are Naroran heroes removed from the game when defeated?

No! Narora’s heroes are put into the forgotten graves when they are defeated, unlike other factions.
This means that the Narora may re-deploy defeated heroes, so long as they unlock their Forgotten
Graves advancements to bring them back.

Heroes returned from the Forgotten Graves are returned on their basic side and with no upgrades and
deploy with full health
