## Heir fortress advancement Kaze Roost 3 - Royal Nest

“As a build option during the build phase, roll this die and place it on an heir fortress spire
until the end of the wave. That spire gains the following talents this wave”

This text should instead say, ““As a build option during the build phase, roll this die and place it
on an heir fortress spire until the end of the wave. That spire gains or improves the following
talents by the rolled result this wave:”

## Precious talent

Both talents should say “are the only faction minion type in play,” as neutral revealed landmark
minions do not prevent these talents from triggering.

## How many Elfinkazi do I get per wave?

The ## Elfin talent gives the heirs an Elfinkazi when the unit is deployed and/ or at the start of
the onslaught phase. The “Start of the Onslaught phase” is the specific instance at the beginning of
that phase and triggers one time a wave. The start of the onslaught phase is not the start of your
turn.

It is not typical to get more than 3 Elfinkazi in a single wave and a single chip with the ## Elfin
talent will never activate more than once in a wave

## What does “Elfinkazi move and attack like heroes” mean on the Roost Roam talent?

This line of text is meant to convey to the player that the Elfinkazi follows all movement rules for
heroes found under the ‘Hero Movement’ header in the Rules Reference page 9.

Elfinkazi do not have to make progress towards their mark when they move, they can use as much or as
little movement as they wish, they can move before or after minions but may not interrupt the
movement of minions to perform its movement. They are able to attack but may choose not to.

Other rules that are applicable to heroes, like the two hero limit or campfire mode do not affect
Elfinkazi

## Are Elfinkazi considered to have moved when the unit they are roosted on moves?

Elfinkazi move with the unit they are perched on. This will trigger effects that happen on movement,
like Toxic Secretion, but does not count as the Elfinkazi’s move for the turn. An Elfinkazi may move
after it’s roost.

Importantly, an Elfinkazi does not ‘gain’ movement when it moves into a roost. It only changes its
movement stat. If an Elfinkazi moves 2 hexes from its roost to move onto a Regal Lookout spire (3
Roost). It has already moved 2 hexes this turn so it can only move 1 more hex with its (now) 3
movement stat

## Can an Elfinkazi be attacked while on a roost?

Yes! Both the Elfinkazi and its roost are active and can be attacked by units and spires. When
attacking (including with spires during the spires fire step), the attacking player may choose if
they want to attack the Elfinkazi or its roost. Remember the Elfinkazi does have flying, though, so
it cannot be attacked by something without flying or air defense.

Elfinkazi share a hex with its roost, so the Elfinkazi and its roost are both adjacent to the same
things at the same time, but the Elfinkazi and its roost are not considered adjacent to each other

## Can a promoted joust minion use its eager talent on a minion that is on a non-path hex?

Yes, Joust minions can use their eager talent on minions even if they are on non-path hexes. If they
do, they would follow the rules for invalid hexes [Rules Reference page 10], moving back to valid
terrain on their earliest opportunity.

Note: Eager only displaces with minions, not all units, so joust minions do not swap positions with
heroes that they target

## Can a joust using fury kick damage adjacent units with the talent flying?

Yes. If fury kick triggers while adjacent to a unit with flying, the flying unit will take damage.
Although fury kick is an attack, the unit that is being attacked by the joust is not the unit with
flying. Flying only prevents the unit from being attacked, not from being damaged.
