## Horizon’s Wrath fortress advancement Hold 1 - Stowaways

Should say the cost to return Swabbies though “Press Gang”, not Invigorate.

## When triggering Embolden on a Swabbie, can I choose to not move or attack?

No. Invigorate is a may ability which means the choice to do it is up to the player. However, if you
do choose to activate it you must move, following normal minion movement rules and attack if able.

## Do enemy spires fire at my unit before they attack with embolden?

No. Spires only attack during the spires fire step of the turn. Embolden takes place during whatever
step of the turn it is when it is triggered and pauses the action to resolve the embolden. Play
continues from the same point in the turn it was when embolden triggered, regardless of what step of
the turn it happened during.

If it is the spires fire step of another player’s turn, after embolden finishes resolving, any
spires in range of the newly revealed unit may attack it even if they were not previously in range
of it

## Do units retaliate when they are attacked during their own turn with embolden?

Yes. Units retaliate the first time they are attacked each turn, including their own turn!

## What is the specific timing of Tinbeard’s Morale and Pistoleer?

Morale must be an active talent when Tinbeard initiates his attack. If he makes a defeat using
Pistoleer while on his promoted side, he would gain the benefit of Morale (even though he flips over
to the side that does not have Morale). If he makes a defeat using Pistoleer while on his basic
side, he would not gain the benefit of Morale (even though he flips over to the side that does have
Morale). Quick additional note on Pistoleer: Since the talent’s text calls for specific rules
regarding upgrade removal, it does override the standard upgrade removal rules when flipping a hero
chip

## Can Tinbeard attack with Pistoleer against an adjacent unit to flip?

No. Pistoleer requires the unit be exactly 2 hexes away in order to use the talent, unlike ## range
which says up to ## hexes away

## What is the timing on gaining upgrades and Pistoleer?

When a hero with Pistoleer makes a defeat, the hero will level up after resolving the talent. This
means that if a promoted Mistbane uses Pistoleer and defeats an opposing unit, he will first flip to
his basic side and then level up, allowing him to flip back to his promoted side

## Does Swashbuckler deal +1 damage for each unit adjacent to the user or the target?

+1 damage for each unit adjacent to the user of the talent

## Can Mistbane use Swashbucker and Pistoleer at the same time?

Yes! Swashbuckler does not have an adjacency requirement, it only increases the damage dealt from an
attack

## Buccaneer’s Pistoleer talent says that it loses an upgrade when it attacks using Pistoleer, but I thought minions cannot get upgrades. Is this a Typo?

This is not a typo. Pistoleer is also a talent that heroes, like Mistbane and Captain Tinbeard can
have. The talent’s ability uses the same text for all of them. Sometimes a minion is able to get
upgrades through other means, and if they do this text would affect the buccaneer in the same way

## Does the buccaneer have to use it’s Pistoleer talent if it cannot attack anything else?

Yes. As a minion the buccaneer must attack if it is able to. If this means using its Pistoleer
talent it must do so. A quick reminder, though, that unless another game effect says otherwise it
cannot attack flying units (because it does not have air defense) and it cannot attack spires (
because they are not units)

## How many cannonballs am I allowed to shoot at once?

When firing from the cannons you may fire a single cannonball from any one of the available cannons
and roll the attack die to resolve its damage. Then, you may repeat this process of firing
cannonballs one at a time as many times as you have cannonballs.

Cannonballs cannot be ‘combined’ by shooting multiple at the same time to try and do extra damage in
a single instance. You are also not required to choose if you are going to use another cannon shot
until after the previous cannon has resolved

## Can Horizon’s Wrath cannonballs hit the greige fortress?

Yes! The cannons from the Horizon’s Wrath use attack dice to determine damage, but it is not
actually an attack. The Greige fortress only protects against being attacked

## When a cannon fires against and hits an elfinkazi and it’s roost, do they both take damage?

No. Only one of the two chips takes damage, of the horizon’s wraths choice

## Are flying units defeated when the Horizon’s Wrath pull the plank?

Yes
