## Player vs Player tutorial

Rule Book page 32: The Treed only has 1 movement option but the graphic is incorrect. The Treed should have
moved 2 hexes, while still ending adjacent to Awsh

## Minion Deployment

The current wording on minion deployment is a little contradictory, and does not accurately convey
the design intent. Minion deployment should work similar to minion movement. Should be reworded to
the following:

> If a minion is on top of your deployment stack and you can make any amount of progress with it by 
deploying, it must deploy. If a minion is on top of your deployment stack and it can only reach a 
hex that is the same distance from its mark as its starting hex, it can optionally deploy to move 
to that hex. If a minion is on top of your deployment stack and it can only reach a hex that is a 
further distance from its mark than its starting hex, it cannot deploy.

Note that this only applies to minions. Heroes are still required to always deploy at their earliest
opportunity to do so, with the one exception being to a hex that does not lead to their mark

## Can a unit with flying move through hexes occupied by other units, spires, or other chips?

No. The talent flying does not grant the ability to move on or through occupied hexes. Other units
can displace a unit with flying, but a unit with flying cannot displace other units (unless another
game effect allows it to)

## Campfire mode

Campfire mode triggers at the start of a playerâ€™s turn during the onslaught phase when there are no
opposing units in play. A unit is either a minion or a hero. Campfire mode is only intended to be
triggered if one side has completely wiped out the forces of all of their opponents.

This is not the same as the trigger for the end of the wave, which happens when there are no faction
minions left in play on either side. The wave can end without campfire mode ever being triggered.

An easy way to remember to check if campfire mode has triggered is when all of your opponents take a
turn but do not have the option to move units because they have none left in play

## What happens if all players only deploy heroes (or minions with talents like Neglected)?

Since the Onslaught Phase ends when there are no faction minions in play and no units yet to
deploy (pg. 22 of the rulebook), the Phase will indeed end once all units have been deployed from
their deployment stacks. This means that the wave will end during the movement step of the last
player in turn order, when that player finishes moving their last unit from their deployment stack

## What happens when a minion is sent back to my barracks?

When a minion is sent back to your barracks (perhaps by an enemy talent or relic) you will get to
redeploy it on a future wave. Minions redeployed this way are treated as new units, and cost their
standard CP to deploy.

If a converted landmark minion or merc minion is ever sent to your barracks, you will be able to
redeploy it for free.

Note that if you are playing as The Uprising, you will still need to spend CP cost equal to the
Source Cost to deploy a Merc minion (though you would still be able to deploy landmark minions for
free)

## Does Inactive prevent applying the effects of other talents?

Yup. Unless very clearly stated by the talent, a talent will not affect or be affected by inactive
units. Example: Swashbuckler will not gain +1 attack from adjacent inactive units and Rally will not
promote inactive heir minions

## Can a unit be displaced into an invalid hex?

Yes. Although a unit cannot be displaced into an occupied hex, it can displace or be displaced into
an invalid hex. If a unit finds itself on an invalid hex, it follows the rules for invalid hexes
located on page 10 of the rules reference

## If a minion gains an upgrade (through an event or other game effect) during the prep phase, can I group that unit under another? Do I keep my upgrades?

You may keep the group the minion under others. However, it will not keep the upgrades, since
upgrades cannot be added to units in a group. This includes units that would form groups mid-wave,
like the Grovetenders taproots

## When doing a limited build option can I add extra upgrades to the spire I am constructing at the same time?

At the start of your turn you may use your limited build options to construct a spire and then
upgrade the spire you just constructed. Build options are done one at a time, so doing this will use
up both of your build options for the wave, and upgrades added to the spire will always go below the
upgrades the constructed spire starts with.

Example: The brawnen player decides they want to construct a dispatch platform spire and also want
to give it an extra attack upgrade. They spend 4 source to construct the spire, using 1 of their 2
build options, and then spend 3 source to add an attack upgrade to the bottom of their spire using
the second of their build options. The upgrades on the spire can be put in any order of the players
choice but the brawnen cannot put 2 attack upgrades above the range upgrade in this situation,
because the range upgrade was added as part of the first build option

## When using two limited build options, can I use the influence I gain from constructing a spire in my first build to construct a new spire in my second build?

Yes! When you construct a spire, the influence is granted immediately, which you can use to
construct a spire on a Source well that you may not have had influence over prior

## Do I still get a turn when my fortress is defeated in a game with 3 or more players?

Absolutely. In a free-for-all game of cloudspire, when your fortress is pillaged you still take your
turn as normal. Your minions, heroes, and spires are unaffected by the loss of your fortress and you
still gain rewards for defeating opposing units and spires as normal.

In a team game, if any fortress is defeated that team loses the game

## When an opposing unit defeats itself, who gets the source reward?

No one. Unless a talent or other game effect says otherwise, when a unit defeats itself the player
who is responsible for the defeat is the controlling player, who does not get rewards for units they
defeat
