## Errata

### Solo Rulebook, page 6

The blue box that start with "Place swamp landmarks on" should read:
> Place swamp landmarks on the Source well adjacent to the Brawnen fortress gate and the Source well two spaces from the ~~Heir~~ Grovetender fortress gate. Cover the other two Source wells with random landmarks.

### Learning the Vines

The Build Phase section for Wave 1 and Wave 2 instruct the Grovetenders to build a Reetall spire
with attack and fortification, when both should be attack and range. The graphics in the rest of the
walkthrough that show them as attack and range are correct

### Narora/Grovetenders Co-Op Chapter 1: Strange Incursion

“Do not set up a market for this scenario” currently makes it so using Anvasse’s Matter Distortion
is impossible (since it requires earthscapes to be present in the market).

Text should instead read “Remove all chips from the market. Separate the 5 merc minions from the
rest of the market chips.” Rest of set-up instructions remain the same

### Heirs Solo Chapter 3: Narora Borealis

Event Die Results 1-3 should read
> If not in play, place Anjebin* at the bottom of...

Anjebin is placed on his promoted side

## Greige Solo 1: ______

The defeat of the grovetender fortress does result in a loss for the player

## Greige Solo 3: ______

The build information for wave 1 should say ‘as normal’

## Grovetenders Solo Chapter 1: Punished for Our Peace

First objective should read:
> Use Summon or Evoke no more than a combined total of 3 times this scenario

## Grovetenders Solo Chapter 2: Fighting for Our Future

The Loss Condition section should say "Refractor spire B" not "Ruins Landmark B."

There should be an additional AI note stating that AI units will not use any gateport except for
Gateport E

## Horizon’s Wrath Chapter 3: Haul on the Bowline

During set-up, place the Narora FT range die to 3 at the start of the scenario

## Horizon’s Wrath Chapter 4: Go to Sea No More

While Dywen is considered a Horizon’s Wrath hero for this scenario, she does not count towards the
Horizon’s Wrath’s 2 hero limit

The first Event Die Results entry should say Hex E rather than Hex D

## Horizon’s Wrath/Grovetenders Co-op: The Black Ball Line

The second bullet in the Set-up box should say "Hex F" and "Hex G" instead of "Hex H" and "Hex I"
respectively

## Bonus Scenarios Chapter 4: Millipedal Exodus

AI Rules missing “Netorut can only move on path hexes.”

AI Rules should read “When Netorut ends his movement adjacent to a non-fortress Source well, a
waygate is placed on that Source well”

## How does an AI resolve a hero being returned to their fortress?

The AI will redeploy the returned hero at the earliest opportunity. If it was through a Fortress
Portal relic card, which lets the returned hero redeploy in the same wave, it will be placed at the
bottom of the deployment stack on the AIs next turn. It will then deploy at its next available
opportunity. If the AI hero was returned by being displaced by its own minions, it will recover its
full health and be placed besides the AI barracks. During the next Prep Phase, it will be placed at
the bottom of the AI’s deployment stack

## When exactly will an AI Taproot use its summon talent?

Units will always resolve their entire action before moving onto the next. Summon will never trigger
‘in the middle’ of another action.

Example: If you attack an AI taproot, bringing it down to exactly 1 health, it will retaliate (
because retaliation is part of the attack action) and then use its summon talent.

Example: If an AI taproot moves in range of a unit with Toxic Secretion, it will finish its entire
movement before using the summon talent. This means that if its first movement brings it down to 1
health, it will still use its second movement before summoning (assuming its second movement does
not defeat it)

## Will a unit summoned by a Taproot attack or retaliate on the turn it was summoned?

It depends. When a Taproot uses the summon talent it forms a group. For gameplay purposes the
summoned unit is a “newly revealed” unit in the group. Therefore, if the taproot had attacked before
it was summoned, the newly summoned unit would not attack. Similarly, if the taproot had retaliated on
the turn it summoned, the summoned unit cannot

## If an objective says it can be completed ‘at the end of wave #’, if I defeat the AI fortress on that wave, ending the scenario, does that count for the objective or does the wave have to end with minions being defeated?

If the wave ends for any reason during the wave, that is considered the end of that wave. All
minions being defeated, a fortress gate being defeated, or triggering an end of scenario condition
are all examples of actions that end the wave

## When the AI construct spires and the upgrades are not listed in the build (because they are constructing a merc spire, for example) what order do I put the upgrades under the spire?

If the order is not specified in the build instructions for the AI, they always add upgrades ordered
in attack, then range, then fortifications with attack upgrades always being the topmost upgrades

## If an AI has a before or after movement ability, do I choose when the AI triggers the ability?

No. The AI will use the ability at the earliest point in which it is able to resolve the ability. If
the AI starts its movement and it is able to do the ability before movement, it will. After it
moves, if it did not use the before portion of its ability it will use the after portion of the
ability if possible

## Where do I find the talents that AI players use? Are they the same as the talents on the reference sheets?

AI talents are found starting on page 23 of the solo scenario book and page 9 of the co-op scenario
book. When playing it is recommended to have both books available so you can use the scenario book
you are not using as a quick reference for AI talents!

## I cannot find the AI  Roost and Elfin in the AI talents!

These talents are listed on the first page of the AI talents list under the ## heading on page 9 of
the co-op scenario book and 23 of the solo scenario book

## Solo

### Solo tutorial scenario: Learning the Vines: Do the Shrubbery Spires attack?

Nope! A spire with no attack upgrades cannot attack. The Shrubbery spires in this scenario are meant
to be an objective for your hero to defeat. Managing your time between defeating these spires and
defending your fortress gate is key

### Solo tutorial scenario: Learning the Vines: When taproots summon is it on their basic side?

The summon talent (page 14 of the co-op book and 28 of the solo book) has the summon talent summon
the unit on its promoted side

### Brawnen scenario chapter 1: Ignition: If Darb is at 1 attack (after using the Dodge talent) will Darb continue to attack Kram?

Kram is still Darb’s mark, so Darb will still move to get adjacent to Kram even if he cannot damage
him. However, because AI heroes will not attack a target they cannot damage, even though Kram is
Darb’s highest priority, Darb will not attack Kram and will attack any other adjacent targets using
the normal AI targeting priority. Remember, if Darb defeats something this way, he will level up and
gain an attack upgrade, which will allow him to attack Kram again!

### Brawnen scenario chapter 1: Ignition: If I roll a Joust* for the event on wave 3, is that put below or above Darb?

Below! The AI will occasionally break the rules of the game and this is one of those instances. When
the heirs move this wave, they will move their minions first, but will be unable to deploy the joust
right away because it is blocked by Darb. Darb will then deploy. The event Joust will stay in the
deployment stack and deploy on the following heirs turn as normal

### Brawnen scenario chapter 1: Ignition: Can I put equipment from the market on Kram the Mighty?

Equipment can only be added to heroes during the prep phase when they are deploying. So you can add
equipment to Kram to give him an awesome power boost, but you first would have to return him to the
fortress by having him move onto the fortress gate hex and then redeploy him the next wave!

### Brawnen scenario Chapter 2: Expansion: Am I allowed to use a spire to attack Dywen without provoking her?

Yes. Dywen is not inactive, she simply does not move or attack. Dealing damage to her does not
provoke her. She is only provoked by having a unit use any amount of movement on island 7

### Brawnen scenario Chapter 2: Expansion: Am I not able to buy earthscapes in this scenario? There are only 2 earthscapes in the market, the grovetenders buy one of them on wave 1 and I lose the other one to the market refresh on wave 2.

Whenever you would need to add an earthscape to the market when there are none left, simply shuffle
the discarded earthscapes into a new market and refresh. Since there is only 1 earthscape in the
market on wave 2, it discards, reshuffles, and is itself added back to the market to be purchased!

### Brawnen scenario Chapter 3: Escalation: If Wyvankaye’s mark does not exist (because there are no minions or spires in play for her respective side) does she just stand in place?

Yes. Wyvankaye has no mark so she does not move towards anything

### Brawnen scenario Chapter 4: Annihilation: When Awsh delivers the terms of surrender, does this happen before or after heirs spires fire?

After. When Awsh ends his move adjacent to the AI fortress gate, he must deliver the terms of
surrender, but he does so as his attack in the attack step of the player's turn. He does not do
damage to the enemy fortress and if he is defeated he does not successfully deliver the terms

### Heirs scenario Chapter 1: Mad Bomber: Does the ‘Siege Storm’ remove upgrades from the bottom of brawnen spires?

Yep! Raze still resolves as normal, removing the bottom upgrade from each spire that attacks the
fortress.

### Heirs scenario Chapter 2: Brazen Blitz: If the Source Geyser is revealed during wave 5 and it is the last landmark left in play at the end of the scenario, did I meet the renown requirements?

Yes. At the end of the wave the Source geyser will be discarded first, and then the scenario will
end, However, if doing do would trigger another earthscape to be removed and new Source wells to be
covered, then the objective is not achieved because there are still landmarks in play that have not
been removed.

### Heirs scenario Chapter 3: Narora Borialis: Does the Source Geyeser landmark discarding itself through fountain count as me discarding a landmark for the objective?

Yes. Since you revealed the landmark you are credited with discarding it when it discards itself.

(Note for corrections: If this answer is not approved, there are only 6 landmarks in the scenario.
If one is a Fountain and the other is a Secret Passage, the renown is lost by random chance)

### Heirs scenario Chapter 3: Narora Borialis: If the AI defeats a landmark, does that count for the objective?

No. The heirs must be responsible for the defeats and discards. If an AI unit defeats it, that does
not count towards the number of required landmark defeats

### Heirs scenario Chapter 4: Vengeful Strike: If I have a unit 3 hexes away from the brawnen fortress and the brawnen roll a 2 on their artillery die, how do I resolve that?

The damage did not defeat a unit, so the die is removed from the brawnen fortress and does not
re-enter in the next wave. However, one of your units did not take damage from the artillery die, so
the renown is not earned

### Narora scenario Chapter 1: Saints will Persevere: Do grovetender spires count as “Narora” spires?

No. While the Narora control the spires they are not Narora spires. Since they are spires under the
Narora’s control they can be upgraded, as normal, and the Narora cannot attack them nor will they
attack the Narora because they are friendly spires

### Narora scenario Chapter 3: Hostile Mission Field: Does Drang continue to ignore upgrade capacity and follow the leveling instructions when under the control of the Narora?

The leveling instructions only pertain to AI controlled units. When Drang is converted, she will
keep any upgrades she had gained while controlled by the AI, but any further defeats will follow
normal leveling rules. This means whenever she makes a defeat as a Narora controlled unit, she may
optionally lose all of her upgrades to move to flip to her promoted side

### Narora scenario Chapter 4: Speed the Crusade: Can I attack the AI deployment stack when they deploy from the closest Source well? Does their fortress take the damage and/or retaliate?

Unsure how this resolves.

Heirs Solo Chapter 4: Vengeful Strike- If the Forsaken Artillery is rolled but does not have the
range to resolve (because the closest unit is 3 hexes away and the range result is a 2), does the AI
lose the Artillery Die or return it for the next wave?

The Artillery die is removed, because the damage did not defeat a unit

### Grovetender scenario Chapter 2: Fighting for our Future:  Will the Narora reveal and defeat themselves on a Naroran Altar landmark?

Yep! The irony is certainly not lost

### Greige scenario Chapter 1: Can You Ever Turn Back?: How much damage does Ybanthe take when moving?

If Ybanthe moves 1 or more spaces, she will take 1 damage after she finishes moving. Note, Ybathe
will not take any damage if she returns to the fortress gate, since she instantly recovers from her
wounds when returning!

### Greige scenario Chapter 1: Can You Ever Turn Back?: Can Ybanthe use evoke to bring out grovetender units?

She may not. While the Griege have full control of Ybathe, the Evoke talent cannot bring out units
that are not in the controlling players barracks. Since the Griege do not have any warbriars,
Treeds, or Vineheralds, she cannot bring them into play

### Greige scenario Chapter 2: Are you Really the Master?: If the brawnen defeat a Traxxyr, does that count towards my objective?

Each traxxyr needs to be defeated once by your faction. Once it's defeated, you can pick it up,
bring it home, and deploy it again as yours - it's still been defeated and counts towards completing
that objective. However, if you recruit it with a talent, you have not defeated it and it won't
count towards completing that objective (unless you find a way to defeat it while it's controlled by
you).

If the event recovers the health of a Tyaxxyr that was previously defeated, the traxxy still counts
as having been defeated for the purposes of the objective

## CO-OP

### Brawnen/Heirs scenario Chapter  1: Skypact: Who gets the source when a Lance Launcher spire defeats a unit?

The brawnen. Since the spires are under the brawnen’s control they are responsible when a Lance
Launcher spire defeats an opposing unit

### Brawnen/Heirs scenario Chapter  1: Skypact: Can the players construct a spire using a spire reward from a landmark?

No. The scenario rules explicitly forbid the players from constructing spires, which includes spires
that would be rewarded from spire rewards

