# Do spires firing count as an attack?

Yes! Even though spires roll attack dice and activate during the spires fire step, this is still an
attack made by the spire, and is affected by all talents that interact with attacking.

(Rules Reference: Page 18)

# How does an “Inactive” spire work?

Inactive for spires functions in all the same ways that it functions for units. When the spire is
inactive, it cannot attack, be attacked or damaged, or use their talents.

# Does a spire's starting upgrades count against their upgrade capacity?

Yes. A spire's upgrade capacity lets the player know how many upgrades a spire can under it before
it can stop gaining upgrades using build options.

Example: A dispatch platform has an upgrade capacity of 3 and starts with an attack upgrade and a
range upgrade. The dispatch platform has 2 upgrades already so the dispatch platform can only gain 1
upgrade using a build option.

Example: The player purchases a Blade Wall spire from the market. It has an upgrade capacity of 0 (
indicated by its lack of dots) and it starts with 3 attack and 1 fortification upgrade. Since it has
an upgrade capacity of 0, the player cannot use a build option to give the spire any new upgrades.
Other game effects that would grant it upgrades that explicitly say ‘ignoring upgrade capacity’ can
still give this spire new upgrades.

# Am I allowed to construct a spire if I cannot place all of its starting upgrades, because the supply for that upgrade type has been used up?

Yes! In the rare instance that a spire would be constructed, and you lack the appropriate upgrade
chips to construct the spire with all of its upgrades, use as many upgrades as possible, forgoing
the rest.

Note: You cannot voluntarily construct a spire less if the supply is fully depleted

# When spires fire, do I choose the targets for all of my spires at once?

Nope! During the spires fire step of the turn the controlling player does the following:
Chooses a single spire that has not made an attack and has an opposing unit within its range.
Declares which unit they wish to make the attack against. Resolves their roll against that unit.

Repeat in this fashion until all spires that can attack have done so.

This means if a unit wasn’t in range of a spire at the start of the spires fire step but becomes in
range later in the step due to a talent or other game effect, that unit can be attacked by spires
that have not yet attacked!

# If I am at my spire limit, am I allowed to voluntarily remove one of my spires to make room?

No. Once a spire is constructed it cannot be removed until it is defeated or a game effect
specifically removes it. You may not construct more spires than the spire limit (6 in a two player
or solo game, 5 in a three player or co-op game, 4 in a four player game), even when using a spire
reward from a landmark

# If a spire has no range upgrades, can it attack?

Yes. A spires range is default adjacent, and its range is increased by 1 for every range upgrade it
has. This means a spire with 1 range upgrade can attack units up to 2 hexes away

# Do merc spires or spires of another faction under my control count as faction spires?

Yes! A faction spire is a spire that is under the control of your faction. However, just like with
units, they are still not considered for effects that specifically refer to your faction.

Example: The Grovetenders construct Babel, a merc spire. They also have the fortress advancement
“Spire Precision” which says that attacks made by Grovetender spires deal extra damage when they
roll blanks. Since Babel is not a grovetender spire, this advancement has no effect on Babel.

Example: Narora Solo Chapter 1: Saints Will Persevere. The Narora have control over multiple
grovetender spires. These spires are considered faction spires, but are not considered Naroran
spires. This means that they will not increase the CP for the Naroran player in waves 2-5


# MULTI-TARGET: Can my spire with multi-target deal damage to units with the flying talent?

A spire with multi-target still needs a valid target during the spires fire step of the turn. If the
spire does not have air defense, the spire cannot declare an attack against a unit with flying.
However, if the spire does attack, it will still apply its attack to all units within range,
including units with flying- since flying does not prevent the unit from taking damage, it only
prevents the unit from being attacked
