# If I have 2 heroes in play can I pay for a 3rd and not deploy it until one of my other heroes leaves play?

No. The total number of heroes you can have in play is 2 (or 1 on the first wave). Units in the
deployment stack are in play so heroes here count against your hero limit

# Does my hero heal to full health when it is promoted?

No. When a hero promotes it gains the difference in its health stat, not its health. So, for
example, when Kram the Mighty promotes, the health stat on his basic side is 5 and the health stat
on his promoted side is 6, so Kram gains 1 health, regardless of how much health they were at when
they promoted

# Can I choose not to retaliate with one of my units?

No. Retaliation is not optional. A unit, including heroes, must retaliate the first time it is able
to in a turn. If a unit has not retaliated because it was not able to, perhaps because it was
attacked at range, it is still able to retaliate (assuming it is not defeated by the attack)

# Can minions move ‘backwards’ on their turn?

When determining if mow much progress was made after a minion moves the only thing that the player
needs to look at is the starting position of the minion and the ending position. You do not check
each movement to see if those movements get closer to the mark.

If there is a way for a minion to make progress towards their mark and using their full movement, in
what direction that move is made does not matter so long as the minion does not re-enter hexes that
it started on and/or moved through during that movement

# Can I make a lateral move?

Generally not. Progress is only determined by the start and end positions of the minions movement. A
lateral move is only available as an option when, at the start of a minions movement, it is unable
to make progress using any amount of movement. If a minion can move 2 hexes at the start of its turn
and make progress, it must move 2 hexes and make progress, even if its second move does not make
progress

# Do minions have to use talents and/or displacement during their movement?

It depends. A minion must use its full movement if possible and make progress towards their mark if
possible. If a minion can do both without using a talent or displacing another unit that can be
displaced, the minion is not required to. However, if the only way a minion is able to make progress
towards its mark using its full movement is by displacing a unit that can be displaced or using a
talent that allows it to make additional progress, it must do so.

A minion cannot make some progress while not using its full movement, or not make progress at all,
if an optional ability would allow it to.

Common examples of this are:

Displacing friendly heroes. Displacing units with the flying talent Using the talent ‘incorporeal’
to move through units. Using the talent ‘Crush’ to displace units

# Does displacement count as moving?

Yes and no. Displacement counts as the unit moving for the purposes of effects that trigger off
movement, like Survival, but does not count as the unit's move for the turn. A unit is considered to
have moved for the turn only when the unit has done so during the movement step of the player's turn

# What talents are optional?

Any talent with the word ‘may’ is optional and the controlling player can choose if they want to
apply the effect. Talents and game effects that do not have the word ‘may’ are considered to be
always active and the player cannot choose to not apply the effect.

If a talent or game effect says ‘must’, then the player is required to follow that text even if a
may ability would contradict it.

Example: The brawnen starting hero, Awsh, has the talent hunter which says ‘When attacking a
landmark, this unit deals +1 damage’. Awsh is considered to always have hunter active, so the
brawnewn player cannot choose to do less damage.

Example: The architect minion has the builder talent, which says, ‘before or after this units
movement, you may choose one of the following at no cost:’ The architect has ‘may’ in the talent’s
text which means that it is allowed to choose if and when the talent is used.

Example: The Traxxyr Loner landmark has the talent ‘Engage’ which says ‘Units able to attack this
landmark must do so.’ Heroes like Awsh normally ‘may’ attack, but because the enage talent says that
units must attack it, if Awsh is able to attack it during the attack step of the brawnen’s turn the
player does not have an option

# LOOKOUT: When I use Lookout #, am I allowed to reveal non-adjacent landmarks I look at?

No. The Lookout # talent ends by saying “This is not considered exploring.” This means effects that
trigger off of exploring, like foreboding, do not trigger, and you do not have the option to reveal
landmarks at this time. You may still explore these landmarks during the exploration step of your
turn during the onslaught phase, just with more information about what they are!

# ARMORED: Do units with the talent armored reduce damage done by retaliation?

No. Retaliation is not an attack, so effects that specifically refer to attacks like armored,
flying, or sourcefield do not interact with retaliation

# DEVOTED: Who gets to use the benefit of Devoted? Is it only The Uprising?

When the unit is “considered a landmark minion,” it is only friendly to The Uprising. However, only
the player that originally owned this unit and initially triggered the ability is the one who can
then utilize the build option

# ENGAGE: Am I allowed to move away from a unit with the Engage talent?

Yes. The requirement to attack is tied to the attack step. If you move away from the unit with
engage so that you are no longer in range to attack it, you are no longer able to attack it and
therefore unaffected by the talent

# FLYING: What can damage units with the talent Flying?

Flying only prevents a unit from being attacked by chips without the talents flying or air defense.
A flying unit can still be retaliated against when it attacks, even if the target does not have the
talents flying or air defense. Damage from talents like Splash, Impale, and Toxic Secretion still
work as well as fortress advancements like Brawnen’s Forsaken Artillery die or Narora’s A.R.C. die.
Events like Electrical Storm will also still do damage to a unit with flying.

An attack is a specific part of the turn in which a unit or spire initiates an attack. All other
forms of damage are not ‘attacks’

# SPLASH: Do spires need to roll a hit in order to use the talent splash?

Nope! The splash is used on an attack, not on the actual dealing of damage. A spire is considered to
have attacked even if the result of their attack deals no damage
